Question 1
What is an Angular pipe?
A type of plumbing used to transport data between Angular components.
A feature of Angular used to transform data before displaying it in the template.
A tool used to debug Angular applications.
A mechanism for passing data from a parent component to a child component.

Question 2
Which of the following is NOT a valid Angular form control state?
untouched
dirty
valid
selected

Question 3
What is an Angular template-driven form
A form that is generated automatically based on a data model.
A form that is defined in the component template using Angular directives and binding.
A form that is defined in the component class using TypeScript code.
A form that is submitted using the Angular HttpClient module.

Question 4
What is the purpose of the "ngModel" directive in Angular forms?
To define the structure of the form data model.
To define the validation rules for a form control.
To bind a form control to a property on the component class.
To submit the form data to the server using the Angular HttpClient module.

Question 5
Which of the following is NOT a valid built-in validator for Angular forms?
required
email
pattern
alphanumeric

Question 6
What is the difference between template-driven forms and reactive forms in Angular?
Template-driven forms are built using a template syntax, while reactive forms are built using reactive programming techniques.
Template-driven forms are used for simple forms with few fields, while reactive forms are used for more complex forms with many fields.
Template-driven forms are mainly driven by the component's template, while reactive forms are mainly driven by the component's TypeScript code.
Template-driven forms do not support form validation, while reactive forms provide robust form validation features.


Question 7
What is a pipe in Angular?
A data structure used to hold values that can be accessed from anywhere in the application.
A component that is used to render a specific portion of the user interface.
A way to transform data in the template before rendering it.
A built-in Angular module used for adding custom CSS styles to the application.

Question 8
Which of the following is NOT a built-in Angular validator for forms?
required
email
pattern
unique

Question 9
Which of the following is NOT a valid Angular form control status?
pristine
dirty
touched
inactive

Question 10
Which of the following is NOT a built-in Angular pipe?
uppercase
date
currency
capitalize

Question 11
What is the purpose of the "ngSubmit" directive in Angular forms?
To disable the form submission.
To specify the HTTP method to be used for the form submission.
To define the form fields and their validation rules.
To bind a method to the form submission event.